Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Well, it's Diana and Brandon again
today. Well, today
I've had a lot of things on my heart to
pray about. And the Lord was talking
about the wealth transfer a lot today.
And the enemy is trying to hold back our
wealth transfer. I'm just being
real with y'all. You know, it's like the
Lord told me, he said, "This is Satan's
wheelhouse, Brandon. This is what he's
an expert at, the finances of the
world."And
I'm telling you all that
we've got to take our authority. And
there is a judge right now, Analisa
Torres. Let's pray for her today. Let's
pray for her because I believe this
judge has a big key to part of the
wealth transfer
with the decisions that she's going to
make in the days ahead. The Lord showed
me a certain cryptocurrency
that's about to double. He told me, he
said, "Brandon, this is about to double.
You're about to see this thing
double."So,
we need to pray for Judge Torres
to unblock the flow. It's a kink
in the hose. And the Lord said, "Take
authority over the demonic spirits that
are trying to cause confusion in the
camp concerning this certain
cryptocurrency."So
he said, "Pray about
it. Take our family here. Pray over this
because this is part of the wealth
transfer and that it would be an
unclogging of a flow going to the next
level of what the Lord is wanting to do.
But there has to be some judgments and
some things settled to bring some
stability to what God's wanting to do.
So the enemy is trying to put a wall
there to say, 'No, we're not allowing
the kink to come out of the
hose.'So,
you know, he works through
personalities and people. The devil
does. And people can just be
innocent,
but the enemy comes
to try to kill, steal, and
destroy. So if he can come to try to
block the flow of what God's doing,
he'll do his best. So knowing what
the Lord told me today, that it's about
to double, then triple, and do all these
things, we want to pray that the
kink
comes out of the hose
because
we've waited long enough.
We're not going to stand for any judge,
anybody to do it. We're going to pray
for them. So we want them to
make the right decision and we don't
want to be bad influences on decisions,
but we know what the enemy is
trying to do because he spoke through so
many prophetic voices saying that this
is what God has for his people. Then the
three men that I saw that were blocking
the dinar in Iraq—I'll just say that it
was three crooked
men blocking the exchange.
Now, this is another thing
that the Lord has spoken to so many
prophetic voices, saying that God
was going to do something with that
country and their currency. And I think
it's interesting, like I
said, I see what the Lord shows
me, and I hear in part, I see in part, and
I see these principalities
work through personalities. So, he has
the personality that's like,
'Okay, I'll listen to it.'Just like how
we yield to the Holy Spirit, and we
go and pray for the sick, lay
hands on people, and cast out devils, the
devil uses people. Just like how the
Holy Spirit uses us to do
things and help people out,
right? So
it's just the
same way. It's the spirit realm on
the good side and the spirit realm on
the bad side. So the devil works through
people. And so I believe the Lord is
wanting to turn the faucet on full steam
ahead. But the Lord said, "I do nothing
in this earth without first
revealing it and speaking unto my
prophetic voices."And just like it was
with Abraham, he interceded on behalf of
what was supposed to take place with Lot
and all this, and you look at even
with Noah warning the people. So, I
believe God is wanting to do this, but there
are
demonic hindrances.
And people say, "Isn't God
all-powerful?"Yes,
I believe God is
all-powerful,
but he's working through
people who have a free will.
He works through people who have
a free will. And ladies and gentlemen,
he softens hearts and he hardens hearts.
But right now, when you're working
with people who have a free will,
you pray for the softness of their
heart.
You pray for their heart to be softened
towards
the things of God.
Yes,
because they're hardened. Just like
Pharaoh, the hardness of his heart
caused the bondage. And yes, it was
that way because the Lord wanted it to
be that way, because he said
he hardened Pharaoh's heart. But when
the Lord comes to me specifically and
says, "Brandon, pray.
Pray.
I work through you. I work through you
in this earth,"pray for a softness over
that judge's heart today
to release the kink in the hose, and that
the enemy is not able to stand in the
way anymore
concerning the wealth transfer.
Because so many people say,
"Brandon, I thought you said we had a
great window. Where does the window start?
When does all this
happen?"Folks,
you've got to pray. We don't just lay
down and go, "Well, it's all on you,
God. I'm taking my timeout, and I'm just
waiting on you."We got Trump in
there, and I am praying for him,
too.
I'm tired.
It took a lot of work to pray all
that away. So, we're taking time right now.
He needs more prayer than ever before
with the decisions he's making for this
nation. When I'm bringing things to you,
I want you to know this is not like Kim
Clement when he prophesied things;
he was a prophet. Now, I am
a prophetic intercessor, and there's a
big difference. I believe a lot of the
things the Lord shows me, we pray and we
change things. Now, some things he says,
"Brandon,
this is set in stone, and
I want you to pray for the protection
around the people. I want you to pray
for the finances to come forth with all
the Holy Spirit's help."Nothing about
you, Brandon. Seriously, I mean, to even
see what the channel's done at all for
you—I
mean, it's amazing,
isn't it, Diana,
to raise up a prayer army, that we stand
strong in these last days, that we
assemble ourselves together and take our
authority over the demonic attacks? Now,
what are demonic attacks? When
the Lord told me, he said the birthing
pains. If you're praying about what
you're seeing on the news,
Brandon, it's already too late.
You need to be praying ahead of time.
"I'm going to show you,"he said, "what's
coming in the news in the days ahead.
You're going to know the news ahead of
the news
on this channel."So, we're going to pray,
and God is going to reveal to us what's
coming next. We want CNN and Fox News to
come here and get their news so they can
give you the news.
They'll be over here going, "What's
coming tomorrow in the news, or in a couple of
weeks?"So, we've
got
to be ahead of the news,
because they're coming to the prophetic
channel to hear what God's really doing
in this earth, and they're going to be,
"Hey, that was accurate. Let's go over
there and listen."So, we'll have a
scoop on what's coming. We should be
living in the glory. We should be the
ones
influencing the world. The world
shouldn't be influencing us. We should
be the trendsetters. Jesus is cool.
The devil isn't cool; he's a loser. He's
been defeated. We want to be the ones
that people go, "You know what? What is
going on over there? There's something
different. They know what's coming
before it happens, and it's accurate.
They're not acting weird and flaky.
These people are actually praying and
changing things."That's what I want to
be—accurate
and on fire for
Jesus. That's all that matters. I talked
to a dear sister in the Lord today on
the phone, and I said, "None of this
other crap matters. It's all about
getting people saved."And my opinion,
making sure that you know that Jesus
Christ is coming,
making sure you understand that Jesus
Christ is coming, is my mission. Praying
and changing things through prayer. This
is—the
Bible said to watch the fig tree,
and we're seeing the fig tree in motion
right now with end-time events telling
us to look up, for our redemption draws
nigh. I listened to Max, one of our big
prayer warriors, and he said, "You know,
every time I've told you all I've seen
Jesus, and he's standing at the door,
and he's looking up at the Father, and I
said, 'What are you doing,
Father?'He
said, 'I'm waiting on my Father's
instructions to tell me to come and get
you.'"That's
the kind of vision I'm having.
Well, Max sees Jesus, and he had a vision
of praying a couple days ago, it sounded
like. And Jesus has his arms folded, and
he said, "Jesus, what are you
doing?"He
said, "I'm waiting."He goes,
"Everything else is done. I'm waiting on
my Father to tell me to come and get
you."And
he was waiting on a bench with
his arms folded just like this. And he
was sitting in Israel on a bench
there in a vision
at Magdala, this prayer place
that they're building. And Jesus said,
"Everything is finished. I'm waiting.
I'm waiting on my Father's instructions
to tell me to come and get
you."That
was the vision. He said, "I've had
13 of
those."Well,
13 visions in all, but five of
that particular one. And he said it
started out that the sun was up, and then
the sun kept going lower and
lower, and the last one he had, it was
dark.
It was dark, and Jesus was waiting.
But that was 10 years ago. His
first vision of that was 10 years ago.
And he said, "Now the last vision I had,
Jesus was sitting on a bench, and he was
waiting. It was dark outside,"and he
said, "It's time for me to come."Do you
remember I told you just a couple of
days ago, maybe a week ago, Jesus was
standing underneath the huppah waiting as
a fire for his bride? And I said, "If
he's there, he's waiting as the
groom, waiting on the bride,
waiting for the bride to come down the
aisle for the church."I'm telling you,
ladies and gentlemen, praise God.
Even if it's five years from now, some
people say, "Well, this pastor said 10
years. This pastor said..."I don't know.
All I know is even if it is 10 years,
that is nothing on the scale of what
I've been through in the last 20 or
whatever. It's been like that even this
year. We're halfway through this year
almost.
I'm like, where did this year go?
We're almost halfway through. We'll be
at the first of the year
before you blink twice. That's how fast
time has accelerated,
and we see what's happening. And I'm
telling you, I believe what the Lord
told me. He said when he was standing
there, "Brandon, I'm waiting on
my people, the harvesters, to get
busy and bring in the harvest. As soon
as you do this, I'm coming for
you."And
I thought,
let's do this.
What are we
doing? That's why I sort
of—and
I don't want to come across critical
towards a lot of other YouTube
channels—and
I said, if you're not giving
altar
calls on a consecutive basis
telling people, or at least once a week
or whatever, you're missing it. What
else are we doing, ladies and gentlemen?
Why do we even have YouTube channels?
I'm not here to entertain you. I'm not here to tickle your ears to make
you go, "Well, he's cool,"or whatever.
Who cares about me?
We're here to tell you Jesus is coming.
And if you're not doing that, I
say you're a false prophet, because you
should be busy about doing the Father's
business, telling people that he's
coming and leading them to Christ,
baptism in the Holy Ghost, laying hands
on the sick, doing the Great Commission.
And that's why the Lord told me, he
said, "Brandon, it should not be
abnormal to see the dead raised. It
should be the norm. It should be the
norm to see the dead raised. It should
be the norm to cast out devils. It
should be the norm."When I talked to
a minister on the phone, he said, "I
was on a major TV platform, a huge TV
platform, and I was going to talk about
the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and they
told me, 'We don't want you talking about
the baptism of the Holy Ghost on this TV
platform.'"And
he goes, "Then why am I
here?"And
I thought, "Surely that's not
happening."But
that's what I'm telling
you. Pools that used to be an oasis are
drying up. If you detach yourself from
the vine,
the living source, and you are a branch,
it's going to die. And many ministries
have detached themselves
from the main vine.
And they're going, "Well, we don't need
the Holy Spirit anymore. We don't want
to pray in the Holy Spirit on our
platform anymore. We're a big TV
station. We're this, we're that. And we
don't want to pray on our platform in
the Holy Ghost anymore because it's not
seeker-friendly.
We're trying to
stay seeker-friendly because we want to
appeal to the masses."And I'm telling
you, what used to be alive
will become dead in the days ahead. And
you're going to go, "What
happened?"because
they cut themselves off from the
vine.
And the Lord told me, "You're going to
see ministries that once were on fire and
major in the last 10 years, 20
years, become a cesspool.
And you'll see the pride in their social
media posts. You'll see the arrogance
upon which they display. And it's about
finances and trips and all the things
that they're doing, and it has nothing to
do with Jesus and him coming
back."You're
going to know the true prophetic
voices and the true prophetic channels
by what they say and how they're leading
people to Christ because that's what's
on the Father's heart, because they're
staying on the vine.
And if you're not on the vine, you're
worthless.
Nothing else matters other than to hear
the heartbeat and the passion of
what comes from him. And that's saving
the lost for Jesus. And warning you to
look at the fig tree. They may bring in
people every once in a while who
are
attached to the vine because they're
trying to draw from their source
because they've detached themselves, and
they're like, "I know that's
where we want to go, but I'm so blinded
by
Satan."And
they've lost their way. They've
lost their way, that it became about
funding—the
Lord told me, he said, "Many of
the ministries, it's about money now.
It's about money now. They've become
money-minded. They're
money-minded."And
I want to get the wealth of the
sinner laid up for the righteous.
Think about that. The
wealth of the sinner is laid up for the
righteous. What makes—who is in right
standing? Who's on fire? Who is filled and
controlled
by the Holy Ghost? I don't
want to give the finances to the one
that is in bed with the world.
I want the ones that are sold out to me,
my remnant. And that's why I don't
talk about a lot of things about
crypto and all that stuff anymore. He
told me, he said, "I don't want you
giving that anymore, Brandon. That's to
my remnant.
I'm tired of you giving
what's holy to the people who want to
trample it like casting your
pearls before swine. Their heart is not
sold out to me.
They're sold out to the world,
and they're serving the world with all
they've got. They're going down the
wrong road.
He that has ears to hear what the Spirit
is saying, hear them.
I'm trying to warn them right now. I
want to tell those things to the
people who are listening at my feet,
not to the people who visit
maybe every couple of years or
whatever and go, 'Hey, what's going on?
Fist bump. You remember me? How cool are
we?'"And
he goes, "I don't know
you."That's
why he said, remember what
he said in his word. "You prophesied—I want
you to hear me by the Spirit of the Lord
right now. I want you to hear me by the
Spirit of the Lord—he said, 'You
prophesied in my name. You laid hands on
the sick in my name. You cast out devils
in my name. Depart from me, I never knew
you.'"That
shows—I've
said this
before—that
shows some spiritual oomph. That shows
some people who walked with a little bit
of something because to cast out a devil
takes something.
To raise the dead, to do those
things takes some oomph. But he said, "I
didn't know you."What is that about?
It's spending time at his feet, like I'm
trying to teach you all. Spending time
at his feet. Just because you walk in an
anointing at times doesn't mean you know
him. He'll use a donkey.
A display of an
anointing doesn't mean that God knows
you. He's just trying to use that
individual for that part-time to get
what he needs done in the earth.
He used a donkey.
He used Judas.
How often did he use Judas? For the
three years
Judas was there hanging out, being with
Jesus, laying hands on the sick, casting
devils out, doing all what the other
disciples were doing, handling the
money. But yet, did he know? Look what
happened.
Your works don't save you.
Yeah. It's not the works.
It was a relationship. And even, "Will I
betray you, Master?"And look what
happened to Judas. Somebody who walked
with him on a day-to-day basis for three
years, saw all the miracles that Peter,
James, John, all of them saw—the same
miracles, the same things. He was there.
And just because you walk with him there
doesn't mean he knows you.
And it's very sad because look what
happened. He said it would have
been better for him to have never been
born.
Yeah.
It would have been better for him never
to have been born than do what he did.
Folks, that's a scary
thing that the Lord said directly to
somebody who was in his inner circle,
was walking with him as a disciple.
That's a scary thought, isn't it? So,
what I'm talking about is don't get a
big head in the days ahead if you think,
"Well, I'm being used, and I laid
hands on a few sick people and they got
healed."What
you should be doing is sitting at
his feet. I don't want to be a vine. I
just heard this: a branch, Brandon, has
life for a season off of the
vine.
I just heard that by the spirit of the
Lord. It doesn't
die immediately.
It doesn't die immediately.
It takes time.
Death sets in.
Death sets in immediately,
but it doesn't mean that it
appears
dead immediately.
Yeah. It doesn't appear dead
immediately.
I just heard that by the
spirit of the Lord. He said
that. He said, "Just
because you're a branch that's been cut
off, Brandon, doesn't mean you're able
to... You can fake it for so
long."Yep,
that's good. That's a good word.
You can fake it for so long. That's what
I heard him say, that he just said that:
"You can fake it for so long,
Brandon."He
said it very loud.
And there's a lot of fakers right now
that have detached themselves from the main
vine. And you know how you know this?
Are they leading people to Jesus?
Is his heart being displayed from
their to their heart, or are they living
on yesterday's
manna?
Are they saying a parroting word that he
said a while ago? Where's the urgency of
the hour?
Where is the urgency of the hour? You
can spark something for so long, folks.
And eventually, you start to turn brown
and yellow.
But I always want to be on
that vine
because that's where life is. That's
where life is. And it's so important we
stay on that vine day-to-day and checking
your heart
daily.
Check your heart. That's why Paul said,
"I die daily."Because he was checking
his heart on a day-to-day basis. Father,
where are you at? I want to make
sure I'm right there touching you.
Not just... I don't want to be five steps
ahead of you. I don't want to be five
steps behind you. I want to be like
this.
Yeah.
Where's Jesus at?
My goodness. I need to be right where
he's at. This is my guide. You know, like
for instance, you know what I'm saying?
What's going on? I hear your breath. I
smell you. What's going on? If I
can't smell you, I'm not close enough.
But people break themselves off that
and they go, "I'm okay. I got a little
bit of something today."And you go,
"Well, no,
we want to be
attached at the
hip."So
what's the Father's heart right
now?
Souls, bringing in the wealth transfer,
praying over President Trump to make the
right decisions so he's not influenced
by demonic stuff to get this Israel
thing going because he said to watch the
fig tree and Israel is a fig tree. This
is where we are right now. And the great
harvest of souls, the great last
outpouring, praying for the revival,
praying for these things, praying for
America not to be attacked within. He
said, "Pray for the 14th through the 16th
of July."Then
he circled September and
he said, "Do you see that dust on it?
Pray for this. September is a big deal.
Pray for... I saw dust over September. I
didn't know what that meant."And the
but the whole month was... and that was a
high time we played around with it
yesterday from Rosh
Hashanah,
whatever,
Rosh
Hashanah.
Yeah. So nobody troll me for that.
It's right there again. Here we go.
Rosh
Hashanah.
There you are. So that's what I'm
talking about. From that time to that
time. This is in more of an
acceleration. We're going to have an
acceleration. And that's what was
amazing even yesterday in our prayer
time. He said, "The birthing pains are
on top of each other now. It's the point
of no return.
There's no more time for an epidural.
You're going to experience the birthing
pains back to back to back. You're going
to see the signs in the earth back to
back to back to back."And I'm like, "Oh
my gosh, I'm so excited. Here we are.
The baby's
coming."Yes.
It's exciting.
It's time to push.
Glory to God. We will know them by their
love and we will know them by the fruit.
An apple tree is an apple tree. An
orange tree is an orange tree. You're
going to know them by their fruit.
Who's really there and on fire and who's
really... you're in the days ahead
when all poo hits the fan and all these
things are going on around. You're going
to go, "Oh, I can see who's on fire and
who used to be attached to the
vine."Cuz
you're going to go, "I need a real
source of glory,"versus the
spoonful of sugar that they're going to
try to feed you.
I want... I need some meat up in
here. And we're going to have to... We're going
to have to learn how to stand on the
word
because you won't make it in the days
ahead if you don't. You're not going to.
And you've come to the right place
because I am determined to stay on the
vine.
I am determined. We will. As for me and my
house, be attached to the vine. I'm going
to be that branch that goes, "Make me
bigger."You
know,
all glory to Jesus.
The winds come and you just stay
attached.
Yes.
You just clinging on to that vine.
We give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his love. His wonderful
love. We give all the glory to Jesus.
And tell of his wonderful love. We give
all the glory to Jesus.
And tell of his love. His wonderful
love. We give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love.
I love it. It's beautiful.
It's time, folks, for he's coming.
Lord, we give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his love, his wonderful
love. We give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love.
We give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his love, his wonderful
love. We give all the glory to Jesus
and tell of his wonderful love.
I like, like I said, I always say I like
those old songs. We give all the glory
to Jesus.
It's like he's changing me.
I know I sing the same songs over again,
but I sing them all day long. Paisley
and I, we all in the car, we sing.
She loves that song.
"Changing me
from glory to glory. He's changing me,
changing me, changing me. His likeness
and image to perfect in me. The love of
God shown to the world.
For he's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
From glory to glory. He's changing me.
Changing me. Changing me. His likeness
and image to perfecting in me. The love of
God shown to the
world."For
He's changing.
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Dear Master, we love you.
Jesus is coming soon.
Morning
or night or noon,
many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely
sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet
in the
sky.
Going where no one dies. Heaven we're
bound.
It is no secret
what God can do.
What He's done for others,
He'll do for you.
His arms wide open,
He'll pardon you.
It is no secret
what God can do.
I love that D.
It is no secret
what God can do.
What He's done for
others,
He'll do for you.
His arms wide open,
He'll pardon you.
It is no secret
what God can do. And let me sing this
last song. I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous.
The change in one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up
through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles
for I believe
in God.
I
believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous,
the changed one redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up
through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles
for I
believe in God.
Lord, we believe in You.
I believe in You.
And I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the Word says. And we thank You, Lord,
for all that You said You'd do, and all
that You've already done. You've been so
good to us. We pray for Judge Torres
right now. And we call softness on her
heart. We thank You, Lord, that what the
devil means for bad to hold back the
blessing and the kink in the hose. We
say, Satan, get your hands off of this
influence in Jesus'name. Cease and
desist in your maneuvering against this
woman.
We call a softening of her heart right
now. Any confusion over her mind, we
pray over her mind in the name of Jesus
that she's able to think and maneuver to
do things uninterrupted and unhindered
by any satanic or demonic force. And I
call the kink in the hose to cease and
desist in the name of Jesus. I call a
mighty hose, a fire hose, not just a
little garden hose, a fire hose, a dump
truck hose in the name of Jesus to flow
in the end-time harvest money. And the
two of the three men that I saw over the
CBI, I command you to release the money
now in the name of Jesus.
Cease and desist in your maneuvering. I
plead the blood over these financial
situations and I call the
end-time
harvest money to come forth now in
Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, the devil's not able
to stand and hold it back anymore. That
we as the bride of Christ take our
dominion and authority and we take
what's out of the economy and we bring
it into the world, into the spirit realm
and for us and we say that is good
measure pressed down, shaken together and
running over will men give into our
bosom.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that You said
You'd provide seed for the sower. We
call forth seed to transfer right now
in the name of Jesus into our hands that
we're able to produce the gospel
throughout the whole world and You said
then the end would come
but we need the finances to get it done.
So we call the finances in right now in
the name of Jesus for every believer
who is a distribution center for
the kingdom of God. I say in the name of
Jesus, your hands are overflow for
everything you put your hands to will
prosper in the name of Jesus. We call
some 30, some 60 and 100-fold. And we
call your hands to be in that
hundredfold
return ground. That the
sowers
and the reaper are going hand in hand.
That there's no more delay. We take
authority over delay. We say delay is
over in the name of Jesus. It's time for
the rain. It's beginning to rain. It's
beginning to rain on your sons and your
daughters. It's beginning to rain. The
outpouring of the spirit of the Lord is
beginning to rain.
For the rain is happening in the natural
and in the spiritual. And it's time for
the greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen before. All from sea to
shining sea, all the way around the
world and back again. We call forth a
mighty harvest. We call forth the
blinders to be off of their eyes in the
name of Jesus. That the blinders, Satan
has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever. And we call those
blinders off of their eyes. And that
the eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened in the name of Jesus. That
they would see what the hope of the
calling is from the Lord. That
they would know what the scripture
says and that it's time to be
saved. It's time to come to Jesus.
I thank You, Father,
that You have called us to the kingdom
for such a time as this. Every single
person who is watching here today,
You've called us to the kingdom for such
a time as this. And we believe for the burden-removing,
yoke-destroying
power
is flowing out of us like a mighty
river. We're not just a little 'this
little light of mine, I'm going to let
it shine,'but we're an inferno
that people say they're a major
forest fire for Jesus. That
we're not cut off from
the
vine. That Father, that we are on that
vine hearing what You say every day.
I thank You, Father, that we're always
in the right place at the right time.
For when the shaking comes, Father,
we're not in the wrong place at the
wrong time. We're in the right place at
the right time. Father, I thank You,
Lord, that we're flowing with You,
filled with and controlled by the Holy
Spirit.
That's who we are. We're daughters and
sons of the most high God. And some
people say, 'Well, what about David? I'm
a female.'It's not about gender.
We're rising up like Davids that
were like bloodthirsty.
We're not letting anything hold us back.
Esthers, whatever you can, I'm talking
about the spirit like David that you
have a courageous... you're courageous.
You're not afraid of the terror by night
nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
That's what I'm talking about. You
walk through the valley of the
shadow of death and we will fear no evil
for He is with us. His rod and His
staff, they comfort, they protect us,
and they pave a way for us.
They do all the things that we're
supposed to. He said He's the river
of
living water.
We need to rise up and be a backbone
like a crowbar. That's what I'm trying
to talk about being a David. It's not
about gender. It's not about being
male
versus female. We're a body. We're unit
together, functioning as a body, not male
or female, a body of Christ functioning
like a body. No race differences,
whatever. A body,
not differences of belief system. A
body. Well, you're Baptist, I'm
Methodist, I'm... No, we're a body. And
that's what He's... I'm talking about
unity in the body. Changing us from
glory to glory. Allowing the Holy Spirit
to wash us in that and staying
underneath that river.
As He is, so are we in this world.
Yes. As He is, so are we in this world.
We are filled with and controlled by the Holy
Ghost.
Yes.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that we
rise up and we finish the work that You
called us to do, doing mighty works. And
that when we get up before You, You
don't say, 'Depart from me, I never knew
you.'You
say, 'Enter into my rest.
Well done, thou good and faithful
servant.'Brandon,
I'm so proud of you.
Good job. Fist bump. Let's go have a
donut. I don't know, I'm just saying,
'Hey, let's do something fun.
Glory to God. It's time to be
excited.'Hey,
I don't know about you, but
He's... we're going to have fun together.
Me and Him are going to... we're going to
have coffee and we're going to sit
around and talk.
I expect we're going to have good
talks on the patio of my house. Me and
Him. We have eternity together. You have
to take your turn. He's first with me.
I'm just expecting
it's time to be busy about our Father's
business.
I have anticipation to do great things
for my King.
All giving all the glory to Jesus
and tell of His love. It's all
giving all the glory to Him.
Yes.
Who cares about me? It's not about
making my name great. It's about making
his name great. I'm an ambassador of the
Lord Jesus Christ.
Names come and go, but Jesus reigns
forever. The name that is above every
name. The name that never dies. His name
will never lose its power.
It's Jesus.
You'll forget about Brandon even if I
went off the internet in the next couple
of months. You'll go, "Yeah, I remember
who he was."But you'll never forget
about that name because his name has
life.
His name has power. Brandon's name is
nothing but Jesus. We give you all the
glory. Why? Because he is the King of
Kings. He is the Lord of Lords.
Diana's name will be forgotten. My
name will be forgotten. But
Jesus'name
will always be remembered throughout all
eternity.
Why? Because he's the only one that died
and rose again, and he died for every
single one of us.
He did it for all, he
did it for every single one of us, and
his name is above every name. His name
is higher
than any other.
His name is Jesus.
His name is Lord.
Do you believe it? That's why it's
never going to lose its power, ladies
and gentlemen.
Hallelujah.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
boldness of a lion. Boldness like David,
so
that we don't shrink back in these last
days. We don't shrink back. We're bold.
I pray
boldness over people right now in the
name of Jesus. I pray boldness over
people that you be bold. We
have courage.
We take courage
today knowing that our redemption draws
nigh.
We don't shrink back when times get
hard. We don't cower back when times get
rough. We take the hem of your garment,
we take the giant's head, and we come
after that giant and say, "Who is this
uncircumcised Philistine that tried to
defy
the armies of the living
God?"We
take that head of that giant and we say,
"We've
got a head. We're not going to
allow the devil to
take us down. We're going to go after
the devil. We're taking that head of
that devil. I'm not going to allow the
devil to beat me down. We're going to go
after what God has told us."He said,
"Take the land. Take the land from me.
Tell my people I'm
coming."And
Lord, we do with all we've got,
warning the people that you're truly
coming, Father.
For they've heard it for so long, they
say, and their ears become deaf to it.
But Father, we sound the alarm with all
we have, telling them that we're running out
of time.
Put a softness in their heart,
yes.
And the people who are speaking for you,
Father,
we thank you, Lord, that they don't
become a cesspool, that they stay on
fire for Jesus in these last days, for
it's all hands on deck.
And they turn from where they were. They
turn. They're usable. They were used
before; let them be again. Let
them
attach themselves back to that vine.
They attach themselves back to it, and
they turn from their wicked ways. They
say, "I need you. I was in
error."And
they repent and they get it
right. No one is too
far gone for God to get out of the pit.
I don't care how bad it looks.
No one is too far gone. I don't care how
long they've even been. That's why the
Lord told me, "I want you to go
back."I
just heard him again. He said, "Can
these bones live?"They've detached it.
So, they're a
branch that
was detached
and
dead. And he said, "Can
these bones live, Brandon?
Speak to the dry bones. How did they get
dry?"They
detached
themselves.
"Speak to the bones, Brandon!"he yelled
so loud. Can these bones live? For the
driest of the dry will become
that living water again.
The former and the latter rain together.
I'm not talking about the weather. The
Holy Ghost rain is falling down on me. I
hear the rain. I hear the rain. I hear
it falling down on me.
I feel the rain. I feel the rain. I feel
it falling down on me. I feel the rain.
it falling down on me.
The former and the latter
rain
together. I'm not talking about the
weather. The Holy Ghost rain is falling
down on me.
I feel the rain. I feel the rain. I feel
the rain. That's what we got to do. We
got to get back underneath it. I feel it
falling down on me. I feel the rain. I
feel the rain. Hallelujah.
I feel it falling down on me.
The former and the latter
rain
together. I'm not talking about the
weather.
The Holy Ghost rain is falling down on
me.
Father, I thank you, Lord. You see, can
these bones live?
Yes, they can.
We call all the dry ones to be on fire
again. We call a stirring within. It's
an all hands on deck,
Father, that it's time to turn it
around. Those that were off the
branch, off the vine, with the branch
dry,
Father, they're turning
around.
I thank you, Father.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for your
blood. We thank you, Lord, for every
single person here, that we're always
in the right place at the right time.
And the retaliations that I've seen
coming against this great nation,
Father, they will not touch us in any
way. You said a great shaking was coming,
and I want your will, Father. I
know the shaking is to awaken the people,
for they're asleep, but Father, the
calamity and the things, Father, I thank
you that we're always in the right place
at the right time.
From sea to shining sea, we're in the
right place at the right time. And the
people will wake up.
They will wake up, Father, for there's
urgency in the hour in the days ahead.
There's urgency in the hour in the name
of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against us is going to
prosper. Every tongue that rises against
us, Father, we condemn it. And I pray
over President Trump right now. And I
pray wisdom over him and the cabinet
that's around him, the people that are
around him that are influencing him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he puts
godly influence around him, that he
hears you, Father, and a stranger's
voice he will not follow. We pray over his
mind. We pray over his spirit. We pray
over him. We undergird him in the name
of Jesus, that he has godly counsel all
around him in Jesus'name, and that he
is not doing things by his emotions.
He's not led by his emotions. He's led
by the spirit of God.
He's led by the spirit of God. For those
that are led by the spirit of God, they
are the sons of God.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are led
by the spirit of God because we're
your sons and daughters. We thank you,
Lord, that Trump is led by the spirit of
God, for he's been appointed for such a
time as this. I believe it. And over
Bibi.
And we ask you,
Father, that you would intervene even
for the people of Israel, Father. If
he's having bad counsel, if there's a
reprobate
mind on even Bibi, Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you raise up these two
men to make godly decisions, and they may
not even know it.
Holy Ghost minds,
Holy Ghost mindset. We pray a peace that
passes all understanding over this
nation. And we thank you, Lord.
We
inquire of the Lord,
that they inquire
just like David,
just like the kings in the Old Testament
inquired
of the Lord, just like
David did.
And every king that did that was
successful,
and the ones that didn't were in
trouble.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, that
our president inquires of the Lord,
that he would humble himself and pray
and turn from his wicked ways. And then
he said he would heal our land and we
would hear from heaven.
I thank you, Father, that he inquires of
the Lord. He inquires of you, Father,
and says, "What should I
do?"And
even if he doesn't
know how to hear you clearly, Father, he
would have a dream and you would speak
so loud he would go, "I know that's the
spirit of the Lord speaking to me, and
I'm doing
it."There's
no confusion.
Even Nebuchadnezzar had a dream
and he was not godly in the beginning,
and after Shadrach, Meshach,
and Abednego,
he turned to God.
So we thank you Lord for
putting Holy Ghost prophetic voices
around him,
surrounding him
with prophetic voices that are accurate
like Daniel, and
that are not there to exalt themselves or
their name.
No, but are they there to glorify the
king?
Yes,
to glorify the king. We call forth godly
people that are not there for a platform,
that are raised
up to influence,
just like Esthers
that go to the king on behalf of the
Jewish people.
Yes, I thank you, Father, that you're
raising up people that are not there for
publicity or clout,
but are there for being sold out for
Jesus, to be advisors of spiritual
warfare, and they're just hiding in the
background. They're saying, "I
don't want to be on TV. I don't want to
be my name in lights. It's not about
that. It's about
Jesus."We
give all the glory to Jesus. All this
other stuff don't matter. Social media
hype, all this stuff, who cares?
I want to give Jesus. It's about your
name. And Father, I think you there's
people like that with character around
him.
Character around him. Prophetic voices
with character.
Yes,
that have high that are promoted to high
positions.
Yes, just like it was with Joseph.
He was in the dungeon. He was in the
prison.
And they come up out of
nothing and they go, "Who is this?
Who is this person?"It may not even be
a person that's on TV or have a huge
platform right now. They just
are there because Jesus put them there.
Father, I thank you, Lord, and they're
not intimidated by the office of who he
is.
They speak what God says to speak with
boldness and with accuracy,
backbones like a crowbar.
Yep. We thank you, Father. I thank you,
Father, for raising up men and women
that have a backbone like a crowbar. We
give you all the glory, honor, and
praise. Father, we thank you, Lord, that
you protect our president today. You
protect Melania. You protect the kids.
You protect his assets, his buildings,
all this stuff as he's doing what he's
doing. And we thank you that there's
revival
over the people of Iran, and that they
would have amazing an amazing revival,
and Jesus, they would be able to worship
freely and not be bound up by religion
and have to be scared and intimidated by
Muhammad and all the demonic strongholds
that are around that nation, that they
would be able to hear the good news of
the gospel for Father, even they need to
be reached before the end comes. And we
call a mighty revival all throughout
Iran in the name of Jesus. We call a
mighty revival all throughout Iran in
the name of Jesus.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say
that a mighty rushing wind of the
Holy Ghost would flood Iran, even the
people of Iran. The Lord has not
forgotten the people of Iran,
and he even wants to bring a great
revival to Iran and Pakistan, but there
has to be a shaking in this regime for
him to get this done. I hear him say,
for there is a greater plan here
afoot
that you don't see,
for I am bringing a great revival even
in Iran, and things had to be dealt with
to bring down authoritative regimes that
were bringing a hindrance to my word
being preached throughout Iran and
around the surrounding areas, and there
were
people that have to be
dethroned. And yet you see it and this
is my hand in it,
for a great revival will happen even in
Iran and the surrounding areas,
for I wish that none should perish, but
all come to repentance. I hear the
spirit of the Lord say,
and you will see a revival break out in
Iran in the days ahead,
and there will be a great freedom of
worship,
for there will be a window of
opportunity for a window of opportunity,
and this will happen in Yemen,
open
all throughout all these areas. And I
even see a shaking coming to
Afghanistan
for the people of Afghanistan. A shaking
in these areas, a shaking for where we
see the head of the snake is being
eliminated right now,
one of the major snakes of
blockage,
and this is the same thing he wants to
do with North Korea, with Kim. I'm
seeing it by the spirit of God. He wants
to bring liberty that they were able to
move throughout there without having
liberation,
without persecution,
so that the gospel will be preached
throughout all the world and then the
end shall come. And this is a major
piece in that puzzle. He says,
"I'm bringing a freedom of being able to
preach my gospel throughout there
without having
pressure
from that regime."He's shaking things.
He's shaking things. This is bigger than
a war between Islam and the
Jews.
You see,
there's something bigger here. He says
that afoot. There's something. He said, "You need to
raise your eyes higher. You need to
think
higher."I
just heard the Lord say this. I see the
glory in the streets.
I see the glory in the streets.
I see women with the black scarfs on
their head, that dress on their
head all the way down. I see them crying
in the streets. The streets are very
dirty. What I'm seeing right now,
it's like a market area. It's like a
market area, and I see these people like
an open market.
What is that? Like you buy groceries and
fruits and stuff there.
There'll be resistance.
There'll be resistance, but my church
will rise up. Do you see? They're giving
him one last call. Even there,
he's giving him one last. That's his
mercy.
It's his mercy. He's bringing shaking to
awaken.
He's removing things and giving windows
for the church there to do what
they're called to do.
There'll be hindrances because the
Muslim faith is very strong, but the
glory is coming. The glory is coming,
backing of the glory. A backing of the
glory, backing like the waves of
the glory on the streets.
Do you see? My goodness God
of revival in Pakistan. A revival in
these areas. A revival. A revival. Shaking.
Shaking. Shaking. Shaking. Shaking. Shaking.
Level.
I don't know if it is so
oppressive in Iran. I'm not really
sure. I don't know about Christians. I'm
sure it is, but I'm just saying for
there's major shaking happening. There's
major shaking happening.
People want to rebel, but they're scared
against the way the oppression is.
Like we like they don't. It's like North
Korea. They're scared. They don't come
against the regime.
They do as they're told. It's bondage.
He said, "There are people that are in a
prison."And
he wants to set the captives free.
It's people that are bound in the
prison
of all this.
Even like Paul and Silas whenever they
had to shake the earthquake came and
shook the
chain
the gel.
And then that got their
attention to say, "What must I do to be
saved?"There
has to be a shaking to awaken even
in Iran,
and I'm telling you, he's given one last
call. This is a worldwide call. Shaking
is coming everywhere.
He doesn't want those are his he said
those are my kids. Those are my
children.
Jew and Gentile, all of them. He loves
all of us.
It's amazing how he loves every single
one of us, ladies and gentlemen. Every
race, every tribe, every tongue. He
wants not one of us should perish. It
will well they're Muslim. No, he loves
them all.
My goodness.
The Buddhist, the Muslims,
the
Hindu people, all of them.
He wants them all. Not one should
perish. All of them. His kids. The
Buddhist monks, all of them.
It's so easy to separate people and say,
"Well, they they want death to
America. They want all this
stuff."And
we push them away because what they
say, "Well, we're they they're they're
kind of crazy because they want to kill
people, you know, nukes and stuff and
all that."But it's not them. It's the
demonic spirit behind it. But then the
Lord says to me, "I even want
them. I want all of them.
I want I want I don't want
anybody to die and go to hell, Brandon.
You understand? I'm bringing liberation.
I'm bringing this because I want a
revival. Even in that culture, they're
blinded. Satan has blinded them.
They're your brothers. They're your
sisters.
And I just go, "Oh, yeah. Duh.
Duh.
You're not better than them.
You may know Jesus and you may have a
revelation of who he is, but they but
he loves them too. Red and yellow,
black and white, they are precious in
his sight.
From the islands
all around,
tribal people, Aborigines, the
tribal people, all of it—he loves
every one of us.
Not one is better, not one is more
important. All of us are precious in his
sight.
People divide. And you think, "Well, of
course, we're Christians, we're
better."No,
love never fails. Love. So, Father, we
thank you, Lord, in closing this.
We're so thankful, Father, for what
you're doing in Iran. We thank you for
our president. We thank you for this
day,
and we thank you for getting the kink out of
the hose,
Father, concerning the judges and all
the things that we need to do. And we
praise you, Father, in the name of
Jesus.
We give you all the praise, honor, and
glory in Jesus'name. Well, I thank you
for joining me today.
We're so grateful.
Diana
and I are so grateful. We're so
grateful for every single one of you.
And people say, "What?"I want to
address this. If Diana is looking at her
phone, she's not playing on the
internet. She's taking notes.
Yes,
she's taking notes, and she listens to
what I say because I always go back and
reference it later. So, when we have
these prayer times, Diana's taking
notes. She's not over here looking at
Facebook. People are asking,
"Brandon
Diana's being disrespectful because
she's looking at Facebook."She's not
looking at Facebook.
No,
I need you to know that my wife is not
playing on Instagram.
My wife is looking, and I know that, but
people comment. People
don't know, and so I'm trying to tell you
my wife is taking notes.
Not that it's any of your business,
but it needs to be said. So my
sweetheart is over here helping me.
You judge too quickly, and they judge
harshly.
People judge very harshly,
and they're like, "Well, she's over
there. She doesn't care about
prayer."And
I'm like, you don't know her.
She has more spiritual bone in her
back than a lot of people ever
think about. I'm telling you, this
woman is on fire for God, and I am
grateful to have her.
Yes,
we are a team, this house,
trying to push and get this done so we
can fulfill his purpose and his
plan for our lives. I'm excited to
be a part.
It's like we're living.
She has a heart of gold, beautiful
woman inside and out. And I'm very
thankful that you're here with me.
And I say I want to come
across always... when people pick at you, I
want to
beat them up because
I'm
like, "Oh no, you don't talk
about my
wife."But
we walk in love, but I'm going to set them
straight, you know, because you're my
friend. And it's like, "Don't talk about
my friend."But I want you to know she's
over here. She's praying. She is a
spiritual woman over here.
I love you. So, all right.
Well, let's end this thing. We're so
excited that you came today. Please, if
you're new here and you've never been to
our YouTube channel, like
and
subscribe. I know we're different,
folks, but we love Jesus. I know it's a
little different than what you probably
normally get, but this is
what gets it done: prayer. Prayer
changes things. And so this is our
assignment, and we appreciate you being
here. We're raising up a big channel for
Jesus that's all about Jesus. Subscribe.
Click
the notification bell, click the like
button, do all that it takes to get our
videos around the world so Jesus
comes
quicker. I believe this is
getting the gospel out.
I don't know. I'm trying to do my
part. I'm just like, whatever we've got to
do to do our part, even if it's just our
little part over here. Hey, many
hands make light work. Yeah, we're
doing the best we can. Honestly, I told
her, I said, "Hey, we're doing something,
though.
We're trying. Even if it's not like a
huge TV channel or whatever, we're doing
something."So,
we're excited that
you're here. We're all doing
something together.
Thank you for praying with us.
Put a smile on your face and
a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much, and we love you. God bless you all
and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.